fix: [CDS-56653]: docs update for json http (#1169)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/cd-technical-reference/cd-gen-ref-category/http-step.md

You can also use ​JSON and XML functors in the values for the output variable. For example, `<+json.select("data.attributes.version_pins.mvn-service://new-construction-api", httpResponseBody)>`.

> You can use pipeline variables along with httpResponseBody and httpResponseCode. Some examples are listed below: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use pipeline variables along with `httpResponseBody` and `httpResponseCode`. 

Here are some examples:
```
